
**blackboxthree.sh:** The edited version of Vortex's blackbox script featuring more options:

**batch_general.sh:** A testing script with multiple commands that run sequentially. Results for each test are stored in a timestamped folder at which the script was run. (e.g. results_20241107_000919). Targets general configurations such as number of warps, cores, threads, etc.

**batch_memory.sh:** Targets memory configurations.

**format_all.sh:** Given the folder's name, gathers data within every logfile that was generated by a batch script by looping through every logfile in the folder. This script compiles all of the data gathered into one .csv file. The folder to loop through is hardcoded in the script and can be changed by editing this line: 

folder="results_20241030_212305" 

The folder name goes within the quotations. Change it to the target folder's name. The results are gathered under: /vortex/build/consolidated_results.csv

This file is cleared every time this script is run.

**format_stats.sh:**: Gathers data from every logfile in the desired folder but only extracts the desired metric for each test. This data is compiled into one .csv file founder under: /vortex/build/organized_results/<$target folder name_$desired metric>_summary.csv

e.g. results_20241030_212305_IPC_summary.csv

Usage: ./ci/format_stats.sh <target_folder_name> <desired_metric>

**format_tests.sh:**: Converts all of the data in logfiles into .csv files. Each file is named after its original logfile generated by the batch scripts. They are gathered under: /vortex/builder/consolidated_results.csv/<target_folder_name>/

Usage ./ci/format_tests.sh <target_folder_name>

